feat: 8.7.0 blog post (#157)
pixijs/pixijs.com: blog/2025-01-24-pixi-v8.7.0.mdx

This feature is useful for:

- Keeping UI elements like health bars or score counters on top of other objects.
- Managing object rendering in complex scenes.
- Highlighting elements in tutorials or overlays.

For example, you can use Render Layers to ensure a UI health bar stays on top of a moving character, regardless of the scene graph hierarchy.

More details are available in the [Render Layers guide](/8.x/guides/advanced/render-layers).

Older users of PixiJS may remember the [layers](https://github.com/pixijs-userland/layers) plugin, which provided similar functionality. Render Layers are a more integrated and performant solution that is built directly into the core of PixiJS.

<EmbeddedEditor files={{
    "index.js": RenderLayerIndexFile,
    'Fish.js': RenderLayerFish,
    'CharacterUI.js': RenderLayerCharacterUI,
}} />

## GIF Support

PixiJS now supports animated GIFs, offering developers the ability to:

- Play, stop, or loop GIFs.
- Adjust playback speed.
- Jump to specific frames programmatically.

This feature is ideal for adding dynamic animated elements to your projects.

> You can find the full API details in the [GIF API Documentation](https://pixijs.download/feature/gif/docs/gif.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the full API details in the [GIF API Documentation](https://pixijs.download/v8.7.0/docs/gif.html).
```
